---
sidebar_position: "106"
---
# ðŸ”„ ã€WaaS Updateã€‘ 2024-07-29

## Important Upgrade Notice for MPC WaaS

This upgrade mainly involves optimizing the approval process and adjusting the entry points for API key management, API callback settings, and MPC Node configuration on the WaaS platform. The details are as follows:

### I. Approval Process Optimization
1. All operations related to API keys (adding/editing), API callbacks (adding/editing), and MPC Nodes (adding/editing) on the WaaS platform must undergo a strict workflow approval process.
2. The approval rules specify that the Owner (default primary approver) and co-approvers designated in the global policy of the rule engine (contact Sinohope for addition) must jointly approve the operation. This is a co-signature process, meaning that the approval threshold of all approvers must reach a specified level for the operation to take effect.

### II. Management Entry Point Adjustments
1. The management entry point for API keys has now been changed. Users need to access the Web Console and navigate through "Settings" -> "OpenAPI" -> "API Management" to operate.
2. Due to changes in business requirements, the relationship between WaaS API keys and WaaS vaults has been adjusted from a one-to-one to a one-to-many model (i.e., one API key can now be associated with multiple vaults, whereas it was one-to-one before the update).
3. The management entry point for WaaS callbacks has also been updated. Users need to access the Web Console and navigate through "Settings" -> "OpenAPI" -> "API Callbacks" to configure. Specifically, for "Transaction Notification" type callbacks, the relationship between vaults and callback URLs now supports a many-to-many mapping. However, for "Withdrawal Second Confirmation" type callbacks, the restriction that each vault can only specify a unique URL remains unchanged.

The purpose of these upgrades is to enhance the security, flexibility, and usability of the WaaS platform. Please be aware of these changes and adjust your related operational processes accordingly. If you have any questions or need further details, please feel free to contact our technical support team.